---
layout: post
title: Introduction - Brad Voris
categories: [content, introduction]
---

My name is Brad Voris and I am a Security Professional who is passionate about technology and scripting. I've been in IT/IS/Cybersecurity since 1999. I have have the following certifications: ISC2 CISSP ,ISACA CISM ,CSA CCSK ,Comptia Network+ ,MS MCP ,MS MTA ,VMware VCA-DCV ,Fortinet NSE1 ,Fortinet NSE2 ,Palo Alto ACE ,DHS & CISA 100W - OPSEC ,CyberArk - Trustee, MS AZ-900

I started my Information Technology career in 1999. While working at BestBuy as a computer salesman I was asked by a customer to assist with finding appropriate memory for his Winbook. The support technician wasn't particularly helpful for him so I took it upon myself to find out what the speed and size memory was needed. After a few minutes of verification I was able to provide him with the memory that he needed for his laptop. He mentioned that he worked for a survey company that was looking to hire a computer technician and if I was interested I should apply. We exchanged information and a week later I went in for an interview. I met with Dean Errington who after a discussion hired me for the role. This was my first computer related role fresh out of the military with minimal support experience. I was very fortunate to have made a good impression.

## Jones & Carter, Inc. Computer Technician 1999 - 2007(h2)

I started working for J&C in September of 1999. First started out working on a mass of desktops. These were all DOS and Windows 95/98 machines. Repairs would be anything hardware or software related. Some days I'd replace failed power supplies, or solder a new AT keyboard port to a motherboard. I would spend my free time reading books on A+ and Network+. As the time went on we hired an additional tech and I took on more duties. My role as a computer technician working strictly on desktops soon changed to working on servers and networking equipment. This meant preparing Compaq Servers for deployment, installing patches, running backups, adding user accounts to Novell Netware 5.0, Windows NT 4.0 and Microsoft Mail. From the network side it was deploying new 3COM switches and removing the older HP and Intel 500 series switches. Eventually building VLANs and setting up QoS (it was very new). J&C was going through a massive amount of growth. We opened an office in Austin, aquired an engineering firm in The Woodlands and expanded our Dallas and Houston offices. Technology grew rapidly and I adapted. Taking on printer, plotter and firewall support. We migrated from Windows 95/98 to Windows ME and Windows 2000 Pro. We migrated from Novell Netware 5.0 to 5.5 and eventually off of Novell to WIndows File Servers. We migrated from Novell NDS to Microsoft Active Directory in Windows 2000 STD and then to Windows 2003. We Migrated from Microsoft Mail to Exchange 5.5 then to Exchange 2000 and then to 2003. We implemented new firewalls which were BorderWare, then to Fortinet. As we continued to expand our technology expanded and became a full Microsoft Shop. Eventually all desktops were migrated to Windows XP and I managed the day to day operations for desktops, servers,m and the network. This was a great job to cut my teeth and learn. While I enjoyed working for Dean I needed to bolster my skills and do more. In October of 2004 I got married and we went on our honeymoon. While not spending time with my wife I was studying for the Network+ exam. The Week After my aniversarry I took and passed the Network+.

## Lab Corp 2007(h2)
