---
layout: post
title: Quotes Ive made that surprise myself
categories: [content, Quotes]
---

# Quotes
I'll be honest I've said these things and have even impressed myself.

"If we find what we'd consider less than best practice we should see those as opportunities to improve, not failures." - Brad Voris, on LinkedIn

"I you don't take your own company's cyber security seriously, someone else will." - Brad Voris, on LinkedIn article https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/you-dont-take-your-own-companys-cyber-security-seriously-brad-voris/

"When we talk about innovation, no one innovates if they've worked at the same company for 20 years or more" - Brad Voris, on Discord

"Of course there is a disconnect. There is a lot of misconception, deception, ignorance and misalignment on information / cyber security roles and skills. That is not only from individuals trying to enter the field, that includes organizations, colleges, universities, professors, teachers and certifications bodies etc... Each one of these has an expectation based on what they sell or have been told. There is no "proper path". Everyone's journey in any field is unique. Its based on their skills, education, experience.... I mentor 30+ individuals a year and each one of them has unique skills, education and experience. Each individual has their own journey to get to the role they want, I only hope I can help them achieve their goals." - Brad Voris, LinkedIn Context on the disconnect between candidates and entry level roles

"My shit always works sometimes." - Brad Voris in life.

"If you run from everything that could possibly harm you, you'll never know what could have made you stronger." - Brad Voris Facebook (May 17th, 2016) & LinkedIn (May 17th, 2022)

"Masculinity is not toxic. Bad behavior is." Facebook Jan 17 2019

"The greatest gift anyone can give you is their time." Facebook May 2 2023
